Structure of News Items
-----------------------

Taken from SF.net:
  https://sourceforge.net/docman/display_doc.php?docid=12834&group_id=1

   1. A general description of the project, including what it is, or what it
does. This should be no more than a few sentences long, and should start with a
one-sentence overview of the purpose of the news item (e.g. a new release,
major donation, etc.).
   2. A second paragraph should be included as further detail for the news
item, that you would like to be seen by all readers of the news item. Usually a
paragraph or two is all that is required; keep this concise and include
additional information on your project web site (which you mention later-on in
the news article).
   3. You should provide a listing of URLs that apply to the news article,
including links back to the project's latest file releases, the project home
page and anything else that may be applicable. Please keep the URLs in long
form and do not shorten them via use of a third party URL shortening service.
We want all advertised URLs to go back and give credit to those hosting
providers involved (whether SourceForge.net or otherwise).
   4. Any further details that are not covered in the prior paragraphs would
either belong at the end of the article, in content placed on the project web
site, or in a separate news posting.

News Item Formatting
--------------------

    * No HTML support: The SourceForge.net Project News facility does not
      accept HTML content (news is used in a variety of places on the site, and
      exported to other formats like email and RSS feeds; inclusion of
      user-supplied HTML tags would further complicate formatting).
    * Paragraph formatting: Since the Project News feature does not accept
      HTML-encoded content, paragraphs should be separated by a blank line of
      whitespace. Splitting longer news article in to paragraphs makes them
      more readable.
    * URL conversion: Though HTML is not accepted, URLs are accepted as text
      (not as part of an anchor tag). We recommend that you include URLs at the
      end of paragraphs, as that they are easy to read. URLs are displayed in
      the clear (the URL will be visible to the end-user) and are made
      click-able automatically by the news system. Text starting with 'www.',
      all email-address similar text (user@*), and URI-similar text
      (uri-type://*) will automatically be converted in to a clickable URL. URL
      shortening services shouldn't be used; we want to make sure all involved
      parties get credit for hosting the referenced content.

Release News
------------
News articles posted regarding file releases should include the project name,
the version number of the software that has been released and the keyword
'released', e.g. 'pymon version 1.0.7 (beta) released'.
